```yaml
report:
  agent: continuity_editor
  focus: character_state
  chapter: 25
  findings:
    - id: CE-CS-25-001
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Hendricks physical restoration
      content: Hendricks' physical restoration from Geometry crossing is consistent with his critical condition in previous chapters. Physical markers show regression from age 73 to 60-65, tremor gone, color returned.
      evidence: "His readings are consistent with a healthy male, approximately sixty to sixty-five years of age... The tremor in his hands—the one she noticed when he held the wheel, when he reached for his hip—is gone."
      cross_reference: 24
    
    - id: CE-CS-25-002
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Standard's physical examination abilities
      content: Standard demonstrates consistent medical assessment skills, checking pulse, examining for pain response, assessing physical condition - matches her analytical nature from previous chapters.
      evidence: "She presses two fingers to the pulse point on his neck. Counts. Strong and steady... Her hands move to his ribs, pressing gently where the bruising was worst."
      cross_reference: 19
    
    - id: CE-CS-25-003
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Standard's weapon handling
      content: Standard's unfamiliarity with pulse rifle is consistent with her lack of combat training established in earlier chapters.
      evidence: "Standard racks the rifle. The weight feels wrong in her hands—too light, too balanced. She's never trained with one. She doesn't know why she knows she's never trained with one."
      cross_reference: 21
    
    - id: CE-CS-25-004
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Hendricks missing revolver
      content: Hendricks reaching for missing revolver is consistent - weapon was left with Ash in Chapter 16.
      evidence: "Hendricks is already reaching for a sidearm—then stops, remembering his revolver is still with Ash."
      cross_reference: 16
    
    - id: CE-CS-25-005
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Elena's implant behavior
      content: Elena's hand going to implant scar during stress is consistent with established nervous habit from previous chapters.
      evidence: "Her hand has gone to the back of her neck, pressing against the implant scar."
      cross_reference: 18
    
    - id: CE-CS-25-006
      type: observation
      severity: info
      location: Standard's invisibility to Geometry
      content: Chapter establishes Standard's unique status as unclassifiable to Geometry entities, making her invisible to their sorting system. This explains her survival through deletion zones.
      evidence: "Not pattern. Not flesh. Not anything they recognize... She does not concern us... You're a gap in their system."
      cross_reference: 24
    
    - id: CE-CS-25-007
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Standard's religious icon status
      content: Standard's recognition as religious figure continues from waystation incident, showing consistent world-building about her growing reputation.
      evidence: "There are prophecies. Stories that have circulated since the Miracle. About one who would walk through the Geometry unharmed."
      cross_reference: 23

  carry_forward:
    - Hendricks physically restored to age 60-65 from 73 after Geometry crossing
    - Standard confirmed as invisible/irrelevant to Geometry classification system
    - Standard increasingly forced into messianic role by survivors
    - Elena maintains nervous habit of touching implant scar during stress
    - Hendricks' revolver still with Ash at compound
    - Group now aboard Sovereignty carrier Deliverance as "guests"
    - Standard's weapon unfamiliarity continues despite circumstances

  self_check:
    stayed_in_lane: true
    findings_cited: true
```