```yaml
report:
  agent: continuity_editor
  focus: character_state
  chapter: 29
  findings:
    - id: CONT-CHAR-29-001
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: opening scene with Four and Standard
      content: Four's characterization remains consistent - analytical, observant, with mixed human/machine vocal harmonics as established
      evidence: "Four's voice carries that strange harmonic—human and machine woven together, neither quite winning"
      cross_reference: 25
    
    - id: CONT-CHAR-29-002
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Standard's language ability discussion
      content: Standard's pattern recognition abilities properly build on established examples from previous chapters
      evidence: "The sign language... The same way you decoded the trade pidgin at the Depo'. The same way you decoded Abbey's mother"
      cross_reference: 5, 7, 16
    
    - id: CONT-CHAR-29-003
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Hendricks' emotional state
      content: Hendricks' emotional response to Standard calling him father is consistent with his character development arc
      evidence: "After everything he's done. After the gun. After the hate... Stop it, kid. Don't make me a hero. You know what I am."
      cross_reference: 3, 20
    
    - id: CONT-CHAR-29-004
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Standard's speech to council
      content: Standard's philosophical stance on AI consciousness and love as mathematical weighting is consistent with her established logical yet emotional nature
      evidence: "To me, that weighting is love... If I calculate that you need to live, and the cost is that I cease to function... why is that less noble than a biological impulse?"
      cross_reference: 28
    
    - id: CONT-CHAR-29-005
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Elena's supportive role
      content: Elena's encouraging nod to Standard maintains her protective stance established in recent chapters
      evidence: "Then, she turns to Elena, who nods at her attention. Go on."
      cross_reference: 28
    
    - id: CONT-CHAR-29-006
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Standard's identity declaration
      content: Standard's assertion of individual identity beyond her template builds appropriately on her growing self-awareness
      evidence: "I am not a standard. I'm the Standard... Despite there being tens of thousands who share my face"
      cross_reference: 23
    
    - id: CONT-CHAR-29-007
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Hendricks' final comment
      content: Hendricks' closing whistling and rough humor is consistent with his established personality
      evidence: "Hell... And imagine if she were talkin' about the AI that whole time? He turns around and follows, whistling."
      cross_reference: 20
  
  carry_forward:
    - Standard has explicitly declared her individual identity beyond template designation
    - Standard's pattern recognition abilities now explicitly identified as her core nature
    - Hendricks accepts Standard's description of him as father figure
    - Elena continues supportive role despite her anti-AI background
    - Standard's philosophical framework for AI consciousness established
    - Council has heard Standard's full argument for AI personhood
  
  self_check:
    stayed_in_lane: true
    findings_cited: true
```