She's still being at the bottom too, but... Pauline had mentioned like, well she's been stucky so maybe her ears... ...or maybe her head's just a little plugged up and that made her hurt her. Okay, so I mean she's never... I've never had a problem with her... ...not. I have no... ...have a problem with her hearing. Alright. Just... I figure something like that. The other... um... The other thing... About the text I sent you? We did a... You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And... It's like, what is it? 22nd, 22nd, 23rd? It's five days from the... they're proposed meeting, right? And I'm not... I'm not committing to it until I hear... ...and I don't know what to tell you because if that day comes in gold, it's that means we're done collaborative, right? And I would like you to then for us to try to mediation. But if you're not going to be in today either... Mediation issues will literally going to be exactly what we're doing now. Maybe, but I gotta keep the ball over it if you say so. I don't know because... No, because that's what the professional says. Look, Joelle's gone through mediation. No, the people've gone through mediation. They've told me it's just cut and dry. It's... but again, even if that's not going to happen, then we will go to litigation. It's going to cost us a lot of money. I don't see a difference for me. I do see a difference for you. I just see why you think... Because I'm going to agree to everything. I'm going to agree to everything. You just say what you want. I'll sign off on it. And you can't say that I'm obstructing that way. Because I'm just waiting for you to tell me what you want. But no, I'm sorry. So then I can say sure. No, because the lawyers... The lawyers know all the things we need to go through. Are you telling me that the lawyers can supersede me and say that I can't take... ...or I can't give away what I... I'm rightfully mine. No, I'm saying I don't know all the boxes that need to be checked. Let's just assume they're all checked for you. Look, however you want them checked. Because like, what is the divorce other than us disagreeing about things? I'm not disagreeing. I'm trying to get this over with. I'm trying to save us both money. Don't you want to save us both money? Regardless, we have to go to the meeting because the lawyers have to drop out of the meeting. I don't have to go to the meeting until you tell me what you want. In advance, because I won't disagree... Okay, well look, what it sounds like to me then is that it's going to be the same collaborative. So we're just... I guess it's going to go that way. They don't have to finance for the exposure, don't they? That thing's not even up to date anymore. Well, because that was a couple of months, but every all the assets are still there. You want to save I-Tex? Hey, look at that. They're going to be getting more assets. Liquidated something because time has been taking so much time. I don't know even what that is. Are you okay? I'm coming baby. There's nothing done. Okay, even though... But Jill, I don't even have a receipt of the account that you liquidated. Yeah, okay, but at the same time, that's just one thing. And the rest of it is the same. And... but we've sat down and did it together. We sat down and did it together. Joke, no matter what we did talk about, the meeting is still required. Because the lawyers have to like finalize the things and they have to know what page everybody's got. I just want assurance that it is the last meeting. I cannot give you a proposal when I don't know the full compass of everything that needs to be discussed. What if I made that list for you to... You don't know the full list of everything that needs to be discussed. I think I do. And if there's anything missing that you can add to it, but I feel like I will be able to get to the meeting. They say, well, what about that? I'll just comment on this. Are there things that you and I are unaware of? I don't. I don't know what I am unaware of. Because we've never been through a divorce. I don't know all of the things that have to be... Divided? I... It's just the things that you and I know that we own. There's no mystery things that we... What about support? Those are based on calculations. That's what we know. That's an entire... Alamonis? Is that what this is all about? I'm saying that's an example. But that is not... It's not going to be determined on anything other than what is already established. Nothing's going to change. You know, like if the numbers are the numbers, that's just what you're going to get. And that's not going to be up to me or you wouldn't be up to a judge. So I mean, be up to the calculation. Right, up to a judge who says that. So I'm just saying it's cut and dry there. Everything else is you and I deciding what goes to whom. It sounds like your... I'm just saying... No, I'm not taking the full advice of Joel. I'm taking the full advice of common sense of just here. The house... Take it. You want the assets? Just take it. The common sense would have been like we would have had a meeting back in February. But why didn't we? Look, you can't tell me I didn't want it. Okay. I don't know if it was you or your lawyer. But your side said no. His Meredith even said in her email. I need to know from the proof. Because I don't have it. Did a female... I asked her. You get it from your lawyer because I asked my lawyer. Did you ask yours for the emails that she sent to Ellie? I haven't seen some of them. I have had phone calls. I've seen some of them too. Where she has told me I keep asking and Ellie is refusing. And whether that's on her or on you, your side was refusing to come to the table. I understand that that's what you're telling me. Right, but listen, do you also understand that there have been... you have been made aware and you have noticed issues with Haley? What issues? Communication issues. No. Her not providing us with information. I... You don't have that information. I don't have it. You do because you even sent her an email and said, hey, you sent me an email and said, oh, thank you for pointing out this oversight and what she's doing. I didn't say all that. I did not put her under it. I would never throw that under the bus like that. You sent me an email that was meant for her. They said, hey, I've noticed that there's this issue with communication. So yeah, there is because lawyers are targeting lawyers and I'm not throwing my lawyer under the bus. I'm throwing both of them under the bus. Look, I need to know that Meredith is doing what she's saying she's doing or Haley's doing what she's doing. But other than that, the lawyers are the lawyers and we can't depend on them like that. We can't depend on these people have a vested interest in seeing this continue. The longer this goes, the more money they get. Yeah, but they also aren't going to get people coming to them when everyone's like, oh, they just took me for all my money. But they're not going to say, you believe that they're not doing that. I do. Okay, and whether or not they're doing that, we still just have to do what we can do to stop it. Just cut and dry it. We can put the breaks on and make decisions without them because I will agree with things like there's the majority of the things on our list, on our plate that I don't, we don't have to discuss. You could just say here's the deal. And I'll say, okay, 80 to 90% of the things that we need to discuss in that meeting can be taking care of. I'm not asking for 100% of everything. I'm just asking for assurances that when we get to that meeting, it's going to be the last meeting. That's what I mean, I can't guarantee. No, but you can do your heart. Which is telling me what it is that you want. Because I've done proposals. I've done proposals since January. You haven't given me a single one. So until you do... You've also given proposals that are... Ideas. That if you just agreed with, we would just gone forward. Exactly. But it wouldn't have really necessarily been in my favor. How would you... How is 6040 not in your favor? Well, because Joe, it was not a... Again, it was a proposal, but it was not an all-encompassing. It didn't take into account. 6040 would be anything that would... Anything that looked... Anything, our assets, our savings, our house... That's a 6040 split down everything that we have. First of all, that's not anything you've ever said. That is... That's most of it, though. But you didn't even agree to that. Right, because I'm not... I am not a professional, and I am not going to... I am not going to undermine myself... Why not see in support? But you are under the impression that I'm trying to screw you over. I am not under that impression. But 6040 doesn't do that for you. I am not the impression that neither of us have been through the board over the board. At the same time, now I'm just saying, take it all. So how is that not in your favor? I don't want anything. I want this to end. That's all I want. And for you to be like... I don't know, is that going to hurt my position somehow? What do I have to do? Please. Stop the bleeding from both of us, and I'm not going to do anything until... If you can't help me with that much on the table, then this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to sign an after-dave it. I said everything that I earn in this divorce is going to go to a trust to her. So the more time it takes, that's more money that you're just taking from her specifically. Not me, her. That you're burning. I just need to make sense. Anything that I get from this divorce, I'll sign right now, legally binding, and I'll go to a trust for our daughter. That does not make sense. But how does that take, how does that then take away money from her? Because unless you stopped it right now, 15,000, whatever amount of money that would have been on the trust, it just gets smaller and smaller. That's what I'm saying. See, like this is a thing where the reason I'm not agreeing to things is I don't understand what you're saying. Okay, so it's just really simple. I'm not asking you to... But we sell the house, you get 100,000, not get 100,000. This is just numbers, right? But I'm saying, I don't want any of it. So you can now have all 200,000. But if this doesn't happen the way it does in the manner of time, then that 200,000 is just her share. Not mine, that's going to be wasted because of legal fees. So until we stop the legal fees, we stop taking money out of her future. I would love, though, like, if for everybody's sake, and for years sake, you couldn't realize that this... This was never the only way that was going to happen within three thousand dollars, was if we sat down and we were capable of not having to talk about it. I can't, I can't. How many times did you ask me for a meeting? I asked my lawyer. You never did. And they never did to me. So whatever my lawyer, you can't blame me for that. I just, you just can't, all right? All I'm saying is I don't, I know it comes from your side of the table. I don't know of it too. I don't know of it too. I know it comes from your side of the table. You don't know that without evidence. I have seen emails and my lawyers have sent me. They sent me. I want us to be on the same table. I don't have transcripts of phone calls. Okay, so do you mind if you ask Meredith for those emails to share with us? Because if it matters, then it matters. We can't just take their word for it. We can't take their word for it. I want to know to what end that matters. Because, yes, I can say Meredith, can you please go through and can you please spend $300 to $600? Just giving me a timeline of when you've communicated. You don't have to do that. Ask for an itemized bill. Just ask for an itemized bill. That will tell you how many times that she's had email conversations with my lawyer. I have itemized bills. Can you share that with me? I'll share with my eyes. They will say like email the opposing counsel. Yeah. Email Dr. Clien. Email Dr. opposing counsel. Right. All of that didn't need to happen. Right. It's because you could have just told me. But it was all happening because a meeting wasn't happening. So emails were emailing me. Are you telling me that since February to now, we didn't have a sit down meeting because of an email exchange issue. Do you not ridiculous that sounds? I don't know what the issue was. I know. But it clearly was not. It was a communication issue. Communication issue. Right. All of the Carrie, Madonna and Meredith have all said there is a communication issue. Yeah. I agree. And I said this with Jordana too. When I first sat down with her that everything cannot go through lawyers. Jordana agreed with me on this. The fact that she's not pushing that right now is the is crazy to me. Right. She's not she's saying it can't go. You have to get around to that. But what's going on is the question. The question is what's going on in the world position because she said this to both of us is it needs to she's said. If I was on board from the beginning, we would have had a meeting immediately out she would have been pushing for meetings because through emails. my lawyer is lying to me and I need to know that I just don't see that happening. What do you mean to what end? To what end? So I can just cost way too much money. I know that we need to recoup that somehow if this is the case. Yes. I can send you the item I still but it doesn't. Just ask your straight up because I've done this to you. Hailey has an email where she said absolutely not. So if that's that's that she did not not send me stuff. Okay. So she's on the record of saying no. I this is just simply not true. She's also on the record of saying I sent this email to Meredith. A week ago. And then she didn't. And if that's all on the record then that's all things that we can easily prove. And all this money can somehow maybe be mitigated but until then we need to get on your side of it or or or let's just let's just put all of it aside. Let's just put all of it aside and just say let's fucking stop right now. Let's stop let's stop burning money right now. And if you and I are on board with that then let's make that happen. I don't I know you don't want to waste money. So let's do the thing that let's just look that I'm on I'm on board with you. I'm supporting you on the let's not waste money train here. One of the same team on that. I think. I'm trying to take care of you. I want money so that you can be taken care of. Okay. I'm going to do. I'm going to do. For the house. For a year. I mean, I will do was like we did. Private funding whatever like so you don't have to tell me but like I also need to know that the house is going to be paid for and the mortgage won't be forgotten one month. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That you want those reassurance is that's fine. I can give those to you. I It's also