```yaml
report:
  agent: continuity_editor
  focus: timeline
  chapter: 10
  findings:
    - id: CE-TL-10-001
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: chapter opening
      content: Fusion gauge progression consistent with previous usage rates
      evidence: "The fusion gauge dies at sunset. Not a gradual fade—a hard stop. The number blinks from 3% to ERROR to nothing"
      cross_reference: 9
    - id: CE-TL-10-002
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: mid-chapter
      content: Hendricks' deteriorating condition follows established timeline from regulator withdrawal
      evidence: "He's been drifting in and out for the last hundred miles, his breathing wet and wrong. The bandage on his neck has soaked through again."
      cross_reference: 3
    - id: CE-TL-10-003
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: medical examination scene
      content: Kellerman's diagnosis of "days" since regulator removal aligns with Chapter 3 timeline
      evidence: "How long since removal?" "I don't know. Days."
      cross_reference: 3
    - id: CE-TL-10-004
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: end of chapter
      content: Standard's lack of hunger/eating needs consistent with established inhuman traits
      evidence: "She doesn't need it. The way Elena needs it, the way Hendricks needed the injection—that desperate biological imperative. It isn't there."
      cross_reference: 7
    - id: CE-TL-10-005
      type: observation
      severity: info
      location: charging station interaction
      content: Twelve-hour charging time establishes duration constraint for next chapter
      evidence: "That'll get you a trickle... Twelve hours. Maybe enough to limp to the next station"
      cross_reference: null
  carry_forward:
    - Rover will be charged for 12 hours at the Array
    - Hendricks is under medical care with Kellerman (who appears to recognize him)
    - Standard's inhuman nature is becoming undeniable to Array residents
    - Array residents are hostile to suspected non-humans due to trauma from "the Drop"
  self_check:
    stayed_in_lane: true
    findings_cited: true
```