```yaml
report:
  agent: continuity_editor
  focus: timeline
  chapter: 17
  findings:
    - id: CE-TL-17-001
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: chapter opening
      content: Chapter occurs immediately after Chapter 16 events - Ash turns from the confrontation to examine Standard
      evidence: "Ash turns. He looks at the Rover. He looks at Standard. She is still in the driver's seat."
      cross_reference: 16
    
    - id: CE-TL-17-002
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: mid-chapter dialogue
      content: Ash's knowledge timeline is consistent - he states he's known about sky threat "for six hours" which aligns with real-time progression
      evidence: "I've known for six hours...Since the first transmission came through."
      cross_reference: null
    
    - id: CE-TL-17-003
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Elena's reference to past events
      content: Elena's account of checkpoint events matches established timeline from Chapter 5
      evidence: "The frequency. At the checkpoint. It hit everyone—guards, refugees, everyone. They all went down. She didn't."
      cross_reference: 5
    
    - id: CE-TL-17-004
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Otis shirt reference
      content: Standard wearing Otis's clothes is consistent with acquisition in Chapter 8
      evidence: "This is Otis's shirt." / "Otis is dead...She died for the Box."
      cross_reference: 8
    
    - id: CE-TL-17-005
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Box transport timeline
      content: Reference to Box being "carried into the tower" is consistent with Chapter 16 events
      evidence: "Even the hum of the Box is gone now, carried into the tower."
      cross_reference: 16

  carry_forward:
    - Standard taken to Examination Room for scanning and analysis
    - Ash has known about sky threat for six hours via compound listeners/interpreters
    - Elena's authority with her father is limited despite family relationship
    - Eastern fields contain thousands of lobotomized refugees kept as "quiet ones"
    - Box integration delayed while Standard is examined

  self_check:
    stayed_in_lane: true
    findings_cited: true
```