```yaml
report:
  agent: continuity_editor
  focus: timeline
  chapter: 18
  findings:
    - id: CE-TL-18-001
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: flashback sequence structure
      content: Extended flashback to Ash's marriage with Marisol is properly contained and doesn't create timeline conflicts
      evidence: "They met at NED... married in the company chapel... Elena was born eighteen months later... The first seven years were good... Elena was seven when Marisol made her choice"
      cross_reference: null
    - id: CE-TL-18-002
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Marisol's departure timing
      content: Timeline of Marisol leaving when Elena was 7 is consistent with Elena being 17 during the Miracle (10 years later) and now being 28
      evidence: "Elena was seven when Marisol made her choice... She was only seventeen... She had been seventeen when the Miracle came"
      cross_reference: 2
    - id: CE-TL-18-003
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: compound construction timeline
      content: 15-year construction period for compound fits with established timeline
      evidence: "The compound came together over fifteen years... He took the Kintsugi scars at fifty"
      cross_reference: null
    - id: CE-TL-18-004
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Miracle timing reference
      content: Reference to 47 minutes of the Miracle is consistent with established duration
      evidence: "For forty-seven minutes, every consciousness on the planet was connected"
      cross_reference: 27
    - id: CE-TL-18-005
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Black Box mission timing
      content: Six months between Miracle and Black Box retrieval mission is plausible
      evidence: "He sent her to retrieve the Black Box six months later"
      cross_reference: 2
    - id: CE-TL-18-006
      type: observation
      severity: info
      location: present tense transitions
      content: Chapter properly returns to present tense examination room scenes between flashbacks
      evidence: "Present tense. The examination room. The woman on the table."
      cross_reference: null
    - id: CE-TL-18-007
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: frequency consistency
      content: 287.3 Hz frequency reference matches established technical specifications
      evidence: "287.3 hertz... The resonance point. The place where consciousness... hums"
      cross_reference: 5
  carry_forward:
    - Marisol left for Geneva when Elena was 7, eleven years ago
    - Elena was 17 during the Miracle, outside compound and affected by it
    - Black Box retrieval mission occurred 6 months after the Miracle
    - Compound took 15 years to build, Ash took leadership scars at age 50
    - 287.3 Hz is the established consciousness resonance frequency
    - Elena has been hiding her true nature/beliefs from Ash for years
  self_check:
    stayed_in_lane: true
    findings_cited: true
```