```yaml
report:
  agent: continuity_editor
  focus: timeline
  chapter: 36
  findings:
    - id: CE-TL-36-001
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: opening sequence
      content: Chapter follows immediately after Chapter 35 with Elena and Hendricks descending the orbital tether
      evidence: "The elevator car hums as it descends... Six hours to the base. Then Four takes us the rest of the way."
      cross_reference: 35

    - id: CE-TL-36-002
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: mid-chapter
      content: Hendricks' repeated reaching for missing revolver maintains continuity from previous chapters where weapon was lost to Ash
      evidence: "His hand rests on the magpulse. The other keeps twitching toward his empty hip, reaching for a revolver that isn't there... Each time his fingers find nothing and he goes still"
      cross_reference: 35

    - id: CE-TL-36-003
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: descent sequence
      content: Descent duration and altitude measurements are internally consistent
      evidence: "Six hours to the base... Twenty-eight thousand kilometers up... at eighteen thousand meters... At six thousand meters"

    - id: CE-TL-36-004
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Softing failure timeline
      content: Softing bubble shrinkage timeline matches established continuity
      evidence: "Every day, the bubble shrinks a little... At current rates? Eighteen months."
      cross_reference: 14

    - id: CE-TL-36-005
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: chapter ending
      content: Chapter sets up immediate next phase with proper geographic positioning
      evidence: "Twelve kilometers west... Twelve kilometers east... Four minutes"

  carry_forward:
    - Hendricks and Elena have separated - Hendricks heading to compound alone while injured
    - Elena heading to disable the Softing in 4 minutes
    - Dante remains at orbital station to coordinate transmission
    - Template 3s cannot enter Quiet Zone until Softing is disabled
    - Both characters are injured from the tether fall and crash landing

  self_check:
    stayed_in_lane: true
    findings_cited: true
```