```yaml
report:
  agent: continuity_editor
  focus: timeline
  chapter: 38
  findings:
    - id: CE-TL-38-001
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: beacon deployment timestamps
      content: Time-folded beacon deployment is internally consistent with timestamps ranging from 2298 to 2395, showing proper backwards temporal targeting
      evidence: "Fourteen beacons launched. Ten successful deployments... Three failures... One anomaly—a beacon that grazed something in 2298"
      cross_reference: null
    
    - id: CE-TL-38-002
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Blackbird incident
      content: The 2298 Blackbird incident creates a closed temporal loop - beacon sent from 2400s affects ship in 2298, which connects to Standard's origin story
      evidence: "one grazes a cargo hauler in 2298, knocks it into a fold it was never meant to enter... It will take a century for the loops to close. For the child to find Morton."
      cross_reference: 1
    
    - id: CE-TL-38-003
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: 287.3 Hz frequency
      content: The recurring frequency 287.3 Hz maintains consistency across time periods and connects beacon messages to established story elements
      evidence: "Twenty-Nine, her navigator, plays the message twice... 287.3 Hz. A message meant for someone else, now woven into the ship's bones."
      cross_reference: 2
    
    - id: CE-TL-38-004
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: ship departure/journey times
      content: Ship journey durations and subjective vs. objective time differences are handled consistently (e.g., Tanaka's 6-week subjective journey while daughter ages 7 years)
      evidence: "She's been awake for six weeks subjective—the last leg of a journey that started when her daughter was three. Her daughter is ten now."
      cross_reference: null
    
    - id: CE-TL-38-005
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: beacon targeting precision
      content: The varying degrees of beacon targeting accuracy (perfect hits, near misses, catastrophic failures) maintains internal logic for time-folded technology
      evidence: "Some land true... Some land wrong... And one—one grazes a cargo hauler in 2298"
      cross_reference: null

  carry_forward:
    - The Blackbird incident in 2298 creates a temporal loop connecting to Standard's origin
    - 287.3 Hz frequency connects beacon transmissions to Elena's implant and Standard's nature
    - Ten volunteer ships are now en route to rendezvous coordinates
    - Time-folding technology has established precision limitations and casualties

  self_check:
    stayed_in_lane: true
    findings_cited: true
```