```yaml
report:
  agent: continuity_editor
  focus: timeline
  chapter: 40
  findings:
    - id: CE-TL-40-001
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Chapter opening
      content: Timeline follows immediately from Chapter 39 events - Standard imprisoned in pit after Kael captured her from compound
      evidence: "The dark has weight. Standard hangs from the chains, counting seconds."
      cross_reference: 39

    - id: CE-TL-40-002
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Kael's interrogation sequence
      content: References established backstory from Deliverance encounter, maintaining consistency
      evidence: "Standard has heard this before. On the Deliverance. The same obsession. The same cracked voice."
      cross_reference: 32

    - id: CE-TL-40-003
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Template 3 army arrival
      content: Army arrival follows logically from Dante's broadcast in Chapter 37 - allows sufficient travel time
      evidence: "Template 3s. Thousands of them. Her face repeated across the horizon, descending on the Quiet Zone like a wave. The army Elena called."
      cross_reference: 37

    - id: CE-TL-40-004
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: VTOL crash site
      content: Four's crashed VTOL location consistent with Chapter 37 where she was shot down near compound
      evidence: "The VTOL is wedged against a collapsed watchtower."
      cross_reference: 37

    - id: CE-TL-40-005
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Hendricks and Elena status update
      content: References to Hendricks and Elena already inside tower/compound align with previous chapter movements
      evidence: "Hendricks went in. Elena's already inside."
      cross_reference: 39

    - id: CE-TL-40-006
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Revolver tracking
      content: Maintains continuity of Hendricks' revolver now being with Ash, established in previous chapters
      evidence: "And your father— Ash. He's got the revolver. The one with the bullets Hendricks was saving."
      cross_reference: 35

    - id: CE-TL-40-007
      type: observation
      severity: info
      location: Geometry code activation
      content: References the "wet packet" from tetrahedron scan - this connects to Chapter 6 encounter but timeline works
      evidence: "Something that's been sitting at the base of her brain since the tetrahedron scanned her months ago. The wet packet."
      cross_reference: 6

  carry_forward:
    - Standard has escaped pit with new arm from waystation sister
    - Template 3 army has arrived and is securing compound
    - Four's VTOL is critically damaged but operational for one flight
    - Hendricks and Elena are inside tower, Ash has the revolver
    - Standard and Four are about to crash into the tower
    - Geometry code in Standard's brain is beginning to activate

  self_check:
    stayed_in_lane: true
    findings_cited: true
```