```yaml
report:
  agent: continuity_editor
  focus: timeline
  chapter: 43
  findings:
    - id: CE-TL-43-001
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: opening scene
      content: Timeline correctly shows immediate continuation from Chapter 42 with Four's consciousness scattered and signal degrading
      evidence: "Somewhere in that wreckage, Four's consciousness is scattered—transmitted across four light-years, holding a door open through sheer force of will. But Standard can feel the signal degrading"
      cross_reference: 42
    
    - id: CE-TL-43-002
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: bullet count resolution
      content: Final bullet usage correctly resolves the six-bullet arc established in Chapter 3
      evidence: "One bullet left... He pulls the trigger... empty now. Six shots. Six lives. The accounting finally complete."
      cross_reference: 3
    
    - id: CE-TL-43-003
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Geometry imprint timeline
      content: Standard's ability to decode Geometry architecture correctly references the tetrahedron scan from Chapter 6
      evidence: "The imprint pulses at the base of her skull. The Geometry's architecture, absorbed without knowing during that first scan in the Void... since the tetrahedron probed her"
      cross_reference: 6
    
    - id: CE-TL-43-004
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Marisol's memory recovery
      content: Timeline of Marisol's transcendence and memory loss correctly spans eleven years as established
      evidence: "A daughter—dark hair, fierce eyes, so small, so perfect. Elena. My Elena... consciousness preserved across eleven years of forgetting"
      cross_reference: 18
    
    - id: CE-TL-43-005
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: frequency consistency
      content: 287.3 Hz frequency maintains consistency from earlier chapters through final revelation
      evidence: "287.3 Hz, finally free... the neural implant at the base of her skull humming at 287.3 Hz. The same frequency. Mother and daughter."
      cross_reference: 2
    
    - id: CE-TL-43-006
      type: verified
      severity: clean
      location: Elena's death sequence
      content: Elena's death occurs in real-time concurrent with Standard's dissolution, maintaining proper sequence
      evidence: "Elena's heartbeat stops. The dark takes her... But Elena is gone. Elena is gone."
      cross_reference: 41

  carry_forward:
    - Standard/Marisol has died and dissolved into the door signal
    - Elena has died from her wounds in the throne room
    - Hendricks has used his final bullet and completed his "accounting"
    - The door is now permanently open and stabilized
    - Four's consciousness has been integrated into the door infrastructure
    - Deletion rectangles have stopped appearing
    - Timeline spans from immediate aftermath of Chapter 42 events through minutes later

  self_check:
    stayed_in_lane: true
    findings_cited: true
```